hi can I take you to starbucks for a
Latin some romantic look geek
I have told you to stop stalking me I
know but last time you said my choice of
phone was preventing us from been seen
in public together yeah that's right
loser along with a list of other nerdy
things yes but I have got a new phone
now that still doesn't qualify you to
enter Starbucks it's a nokia n8 the
latest phone from nokia that still
doesn't qualify you to enter starbucks
it's got a twelve megabyte camera i can
use to take pervy pictures of you that
still doesn't qualify you to enter
starbucks i can shoot a movie of us
making out together in HD just like
Paris Hilton that still doesn't qualify
you to enter starbucks then I can go
around your place and connect to your
home theater and watch it together that
still doesn't qualify you to enter
starbucks the nokia n8 could bring my
friends together by pulling feeds and
updates from facebook and twitter if i
had friends however i could also just
use this feature for stalking that still
doesn't qualify you to enter starbucks
nokia says i can turn my nokia n8 into a
tool for showing off having fun and
being creative and in the OB store there
are fine thousands of different
applications to constantly upgrade and
improve my device that still doesn't
qualify you to enter starbucks i can
play high definition gaming on it
meaning i can get out more and you want
have to come around and watch me zapping
zombies in my bedroom that still doesn't
qualify you to enter starbucks what
would qualify me to enter starbucks well
first you need to take your crappy nokia
back to the store go early as the is a
long queue at the returns desk then take
your money and buy either an iphone 4 or
HTC Desire then at least your phone can
enter starbucks and what about me you
need to go home and get back into your
underpants and go gaming and chatting
online to your 500 cyber friends cause a
real world is not ready for you yet